Gui way to establisj communications between 2 vxworks simulators or between simulator to your pc

step1 install wrtap driver on 32 bit wondows 

To Install the Driver on a Windows XP Host:
1. Open the Control Panel.
2. Double-click Add Hardware to open the Add Hardware Wizard, click Next.
3. Answer Yes, I have already connected the hardware, click Next.
4. Select Add a new hardware device (you may need to scroll down to see this
option), click Next.
5. Select Install the hardware that I manually select from a list (Advanced).
6. Click Next.
7. Select Network Adapters, click Next.
8. Click the Have Disk... button.
9. Browse to installDir\vxworks-6.x\host\x86-win32\bin (installDir is the
name of your VxWorks installation directory).
10. Select wrtap.inf and click Open.
11. Click OK to select the directory.
12. Select WindRiver WRTAP, click Next.
NOTE: If you are working on a Windows host, installing the host connection driver
(the WRTAP driver) can have an impact on your host system performance. Before
installing this driver, review the information in 5.4.1 Managing the WRTAP Driver
on Windows Hosts, p.68.
5 Networking with the VxWorks Simulator
5.4 Installing the Host Connection Driver
67
5
13. Click Next to start installing the driver.
14. Click Continue Anyway in the Hardware installation pop-up window.
15. Click Finish to close the wizard. 

step 2
Go to following path C:\WindRiver-GPPVE-3.6-ARM-Eval\vxworks-6.6\host\x86-win32\bin and run 
this application as administrator vxsimnetds_inst.exe, it will open windriver Networ daemon service in
services app. Go to control pannel>> administrative tools>> services>> right click on windriver ntwork
daemon service and start it

it will enable wrtap driver

Step 3:
Now open windriver workbench , go to simulator properties>>advanced boot parameters, here select simnet as boot device
  assign its ip to 192.168.200.3 and click ok
In properties, go to miscellaneous options,,in other vxworks simulator option just type "-ni simnet"

Now you can ping it from your system
